as well as well as guys that just put on
this really amazing live performance in
the summer of 1984 and they toured the
world with the biggest bands in rock
these guys have returned the music will
upside-down all of them sold millions of
records around the world all of that
blood one one thing that's really good
Matt is that we found those sleeping
bags this is where we learned how to
play
we were just innocent kids we didn't
really know what we were doing karate
productions crack management my name is
Emma ego any manager that looks like
she's booked us a tour England Belgium
Germany this is gonna be the biggest
tour of
years remember cut choice children's
catering it'll rule that my band even
exists
give it your reputation thousand people
and you are not
it's so unprofessional what we are going
through
right here it's over and over for a long
time they stayed dedicated to what
this illusive person I got in the world
I started out with Rob when I was 14
years old and he said we're gonna do it
till we're all men really meant
made it a lot bigger I think even he
knows at the end of the day the family
is what supported
always believed it no matter how hard it
gets or is always away let's show the
world the wrong
we're gonna do it together we're gonna
get there we're getting real off stars
it's unclean
so there's cliffs I can go jump off
that's the easy way
well you might now you want your perfect
little stop here that's dedication pal